# Meeting Minutes for Software Engineering Methods
## Responsible: Daniel & Saul

### Meeting 1 | 14/01/2020 | 15:20-18:00

#### Group members established:
  -	Daniel Klas
  -	Saul Rennie
  -	Connor Timmins
  -	Philip Twaddle

- Discord group established
- GitHub repository created 

#### Roles assigned:
-	Product owner is: Philip
-	Scrum master: Connor
-	Minutes: Daniel

- The group discussed ideas for a GUI implementation. A prototypical design we came up with was to use seperate input boxes employing 
numeric input, drop-down menus etc to concatenate several variables into an SQL statement
  - The advantage of this is that any inexperienced users are prevented from writing unintelligible SQL code, since it is mediated by input
constraints

### Meeting 2 | 17/01/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Reviewed GitHub repository structure
- Discussed task priorities for setup of Mavis, Travis, use of Kanban board 
- Philip has created the Backlog, so we discussed how to proceed with using it
- Handed out tasks, including establishment of a contribution log

### Meeting 3 | 21/01/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Connor was absent and had notified us in advance, so this was expected
- Had a misunderstanding of location for the meeting, so Philip was unexpectedly absent. He apologised in Discord
- Saul & Daniel briefly discussed the plan for the lab and began distributing tasks. Agreed to do joint work on meeting minutes
- Reviewed Daniel's preliminary GUI design. Saul suggested that having several input/drop-down boxes does not allow for UNION statements,
- or for more complex SQL queries, and proposed also having a plain input box which parses text straight to SQL rather than compositing several variables into a query. This would allow more advanced users to build some of the more complex queries given in use-case specifications in the assessment document.

### Meeting 4 | 24/01/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Connor didn't come, but notified the group in advance, thus it was expected. Despite it being his second absence in a row, it's acceptable
since it was a planned and justified absence
- The group discussed options for branch structure. Philip gave a short refresher explanation of how branches and version control should be used, and Saul cited repositories such as TensorFlow, FreeCodeCamp and React.js to support his conclusions
- The group decided to scrap the 'Minutes' and 'Code of Conduct' branches, moving them back to the master branch
- Discussed database platforms and integration

### Meeting 5 | 28/01/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- All members were present
- Discussed what we need to do for the code review, and made sure that the project builds properly in Travis
- Connor downloaded the project, zipped it and sent the submission on Moodle
- Looked at the second code review's specifications and started distributing tasks
- Discussed adding more detail to the backlog for the next sprint - match the Zube cards to actual tasks assigned rather than 
using code review requirements

### Meeting 6 | 31/01/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Daniel had unavoidable prior committments, so he notified us in advance. The group decided to hold a meeting on VoIP/Text chat instead
- Listed the agenda for the current meeting
- The group decided to continue using MariaDB and adapt the boilerplate MySQL code for database integration
- Connor suggested adding Travis CI build status badges to the README file, which Saul did
- Philip categorised the different types of required report and suggested an allocation of the tasks

### Meeting 7 | 04/02/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Saul was unwell and notified the group in advance
- The other members discussed the best way to go about creating a database connection

### Meeting 8 | 07/02/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- All members were present
- The first portion of the meeting was spent settling a disagreement; Connor and Philip were at odds over task assignments. Both members apologised and the group inquired into possible causes for the problem.
- The group quickly reviewed the current progress of everyone's tasks
- Discussed the possibility of making some meetings virtual to save unnecessary travel and scheduling issues for Daniel and Connor

### Meeting 8 | 07/02/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- All members were present
- The first portion of the meeting was spent settling a disagreement; Connor and Philip were at odds over task assignments. Both members apologised and the group inquired into possible causes for the problem.
- The group quickly reviewed the current progress of everyone's tasks
- Discussed the possibility of making some meetings virtual to save unnecessary travel and scheduling issues for Daniel and Connor

### Meeting 9 | 11/02/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Meeting was held virtually via Discord
- Group briefly discussed their progress on the assigned tasks
- Agreed to start work on further feature branches such as Unit Tests

### Meeting 10 | 14/02/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Saul was absent and notified the group in advance
- [to-be-completed, since minutes were not directly taken]

### Meeting 11 | 18/02/2020 | 13:00-14:00

- Daniel was absent due to illness, he notified us in advance as well as noted that he would be absent for the code review
- All other members were present
- Meeting was held virtually via Discord
- Reviewed tasks and made sure that everything is completed
- Scheduled to merge and finalise branches before the code review
